initial IANA media type registration (#229)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

> # IANA Considerations {#iana_considerations}

Reviewer: We probably should keep some kind of TBD in here as a reminder for other things - like JWT claims - that'll need registration.

Author: ```suggestion
# IANA Considerations {#iana_considerations}

TBD
```

## Media Type Registration

> This section registers the "application/sdjwt-issuance" media type [@RFC2046] in

Reviewer: I hate to bikeshed but SD-JWT is hyphenated everywhere else in this draft so `sdjwt-issuance` and `sdjwt-presentation` look a bit off.  Is there a reason not to go w/ `sd-jwt-issuance` and `sd-jwt-presentation`?

Reviewer: or if length is of concern, something like `sd-jwt-i` and `sd-jwt-p`

Author: Please bikeshed :)

```suggestion
This section registers the "application/sd-jwt-issuance" media type [@RFC2046] in
```

TBD

## Media Type Registration

> 

Author: ```suggestion

### Registry Contents

```

This section registers the "application/sdjwt-issuance" media type [@RFC2046] in
the "Media Types" registry [@IANA.MediaTypes] in the manner described
in [@RFC6838], which can be used to indicate that the content is a Combined Format for Issuance.

> This section also registers the "application/sdjwt-presentation" media type

Author: ```suggestion
This section also registers the "application/sd-jwt-presentation" media type
```

in the "Media Types" registry, which can be used to indicate that
the content is a Combined Format for Presentation.

> ### application/sdjwt-issuance

Author: ```suggestion
### application/sd-jwt-issuance
```

*  Type name: application

> *  Subtype name: sdjwt-issuance

Author: ```suggestion
*  Subtype name: sd-jwt-issuance
```

*  Required parameters: n/a
*  Optional parameters: n/a

> *  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sdjwt-issuance values are encoded as a series of base64url-encoded values, each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character.

Reviewer: I don't know how specific the  Encoding considerations needs to be but the dot character also is a separator in the JWT part.

Author: ```suggestion
*  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sd-jwt-issuance values are encoded such that the first three base64url-encoded values are separated from the previous one by a single period ('.') character, and the following series of base64url-encoded values are each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character.
```

Author: I tried.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sdjwt-issuance values are encoded as a series of strings separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character; the first string consists of dot-separated base64url-encoded values, all further strings are base64url-encoded values.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sdj-wt-issuance values are a series of base64url-encoded values (some of which may be the empty string) separated by period ('.') or tilde ('~') characters.
```

This tries to simplify it and make it less specific.

> *  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sdjwt-issuance values are encoded as a series of base64url-encoded values, each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character.

Author: ```suggestion
*  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sd-jwt-issuance values are encoded as a series of base64url-encoded values, each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character.
```

*  Security considerations: See the Security Considerations section of this document.
*  Interoperability considerations: n/a
*  Published specification: tbu
*  Applications that use this media type: tbu
*  Fragment identifier considerations: n/a
*  Additional information:
      Magic number(s): n/a
      File extension(s): n/a
      Macintosh file type code(s): n/a
*  Person & email address to contact for further information: Daniel Fett, mail@danielfett.de
*  Intended usage: COMMON
*  Restrictions on usage: none
*  Author: Daniel Fett, mail@danielfett.de
*  Change Controller: IESG
*  Provisional registration?  No

> ### application/sdjwt-presentation

Author: ```suggestion
### application/sd-jwt-presentation
```

*  Type name: application

> *  Subtype name: sdjwt-presentation

Author: ```suggestion
*  Subtype name: sd-jwt-presentation
```

*  Required parameters: n/a
*  Optional parameters: n/a

> *  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sdjwt-presentation values are encoded as a series of base64url-encoded values (the last of which may be an empty string), each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character.

Reviewer: dot character will be a separator too ...

Author: ```suggestion
*  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sdjwt-presentation values are encoded as a series of base64url-encoded values (the last of which may be an empty string), each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character.
*  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sd-jwt-presentation values are encoded such that the first three base64url-encoded values are separated from the previous one by a single period ('.') character, and the following series of base64url-encoded values (the last of which may be an empty string or three base64url-encoded values separated from the next one by a single period ('.') character) are each separated from the previous one by a single tilde ('~') character.
```

Author: my best attempt to put it in one sentence

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sdjwt-presentation values are encoded as a series of strings, each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character; the first and last strings consist of dot-separated base64url-encoded values, all other strings are base64url-encoded values; the last string may be empty.
```

> *  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sdjwt-presentation values are encoded as a series of base64url-encoded values (the last of which may be an empty string), each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character.

Author: ```suggestion
*  Encoding considerations: 8bit; application/sd-jwt-presentation values are encoded as a series of base64url-encoded values (the last of which may be an empty string), each separated from the next by a single tilde ('~') character.
```
